So I the dataset is not over ( started yesterday at 16h ).... the  big computer is not really preforming well. I think everything is loading on it's CPU I think. I will not touche it for now. The dataset is at 45 %.
It should be over in the afternoon. 
I will also generate a smaller one on my laptop. I expect 30 min to 1 hours of working for my laptop. After what I will try a fine tuning with the tiny dataset.
	started 08:46
	ended 09:46 ( 30 min : 5000 lines )
	
Got python dependancies issus ( because I tried to instal axolth is the unsloth anv and messed with every thing ) so I need to reinstal a lot of things.

While I was looking at the data set. There is exemples that are Meh. Because I ask a LLM to merge 2 questions together, if the 2 first question was suject that are not really linked it can lead to question with only 1 subject or weird ones.

I Could use the programm to create multiples dataset on linked topic : roman empire, WW2, france in 1400, ... Them I could merg the different datasets. So the question would be better formed.

Anyway I tried to fine tune but I failed. The programm that worked days before doesn't work.
It is not the dataset the structure is good ( and the error mentionnate the torch installation ).
I suspect that in my experimentation with axoloth I must have broke my env ... PYTHON. Please create C++ or java library for finetuning ( I checked it exist but I don't want to learn an other framwork now ).

I think I may continu the dataset generation will reinstalling completly the python env.

Well 1 hours passed... I finilly sucessed to reinstall the env with the good python dependancies.
I made a list off all the commands I used to set up the environment for unsloth.

I imediately launched a fine tuning using the dataset of 5000 lines made perviously.
I don't expect great result due to the dataset being small with some exemple that are meh ( explanation previouly ). But I need to start my experimentations. Seens the fine-tuning should be fast. I expect 10 to 20 min.
	started	16:50
	ended 17:00
	
Time to test the model a bit. The answers are obiously not good. I think I will create multiples dataset on linked topic that I will merge to have better
But not now.
